README.md, before:

The solutions for leetcode.com.
========================
LeetCode solutions in Java.

|NO.|Title|Solution|Add Date|Difficulty|
|---|-----|--------|--------|----------|
|001|[Two Sum][001]|[JAVA](_001_TwoSum.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|088|[Merge Sorted Array][088]|Method1:[JAVA1](_088_MergeSortedArray.java) Method2:[JAVA2](_088_MergeSortedArray_with_NoMoreSpace.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|118|[Pascal's Triangle][118]|[JAVA](_118_PascalssTriangle.java)|2017/12/20|Easy|
|119|[Pascal's Triangle II][119]|[JAVA](_118_PascalsTriangle.java)|2017/12/21|Easy|
|268|[Missing Number][268]|method1:[JAVA1](_268_MissingNumber.java)method2:[JAVA2](_268_MissingNumber_2.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|283|[Move Zeroes][283]|[JAVA](_283_MoveZeroes.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|581|[ Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray][581]|[JAVA](_581_ShortestUnsortedContinuousSubarray.java)|2017/12/19|Easy|
|697|[Degree of an Array][001]|[JAVA](_697_DegreeofanArray.java)|2017/12/17|Easy|
|717|[1-bit and 2-bit Characters][717]|method1:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters.java)method2:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters_2.java)|2017/12/16|Easy|

## tags:Array
|NO.|Title|Solution|Add Date|Difficulty|
|---|-----|--------|--------|----------|
|001|[Two Sum][001]|[JAVA](_001_TwoSum.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|088|[Merge Sorted Array][088]|Method1:[JAVA1](_088_MergeSortedArray.java) Method2:[JAVA2](_088_MergeSortedArray_with_NoMoreSpace.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|118|[Pascal's Triangle][118]|[JAVA](_118_PascalssTriangle.java)|2017/12/20|Easy|
|119|[Pascal's Triangle II][119]|[JAVA](_118_PascalsTriangle.java)|2017/12/21|Easy|
|268|[Missing Number][268]|method1:[JAVA1](_268_MissingNumber.java)method2:[JAVA2](_268_MissingNumber_2.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|283|[Move Zeroes][283]|[JAVA](_283_MoveZeroes.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|581|[ Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray][581]|[JAVA](_581_ShortestUnsortedContinuousSubarray.java)|2017/12/19|Easy|
|697|[Degree of an Array][001]|[JAVA](_697_DegreeofanArray.java)|2017/12/17|Easy|
|717|[1-bit and 2-bit Characters][717]|method1:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters.java)method2:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters_2.java)|2017/12/16|Easy|

[001]:https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/
[088]:https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/description/
[118]:https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/description/
[119]:https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/description/
[268]:https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/description/
[283]:https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/
[581]:https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-unsorted-continuous-subarray/description/
[697]:https://leetcode.com/problems/degree-of-an-array/
[717]:https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters/description/

Commit message:

Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array

README.md, after:

The solutions for leetcode.com.
========================
LeetCode solutions in Java.

|NO.|Title|Solution|Add Date|Difficulty|
|---|-----|--------|--------|----------|
|001|[Two Sum][001]|[JAVA](_001_TwoSum.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|026|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array][026]|[JAVA](_026_RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArraym.java)|2017/12/21|Easy|
|088|[Merge Sorted Array][088]|Method1:[JAVA1](_088_MergeSortedArray.java) Method2:[JAVA2](_088_MergeSortedArray_with_NoMoreSpace.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|118|[Pascal's Triangle][118]|[JAVA](_118_PascalssTriangle.java)|2017/12/20|Easy|
|119|[Pascal's Triangle II][119]|[JAVA](_118_PascalsTriangle.java)|2017/12/21|Easy|
|268|[Missing Number][268]|method1:[JAVA1](_268_MissingNumber.java)method2:[JAVA2](_268_MissingNumber_2.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|283|[Move Zeroes][283]|[JAVA](_283_MoveZeroes.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|581|[ Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray][581]|[JAVA](_581_ShortestUnsortedContinuousSubarray.java)|2017/12/19|Easy|
|697|[Degree of an Array][001]|[JAVA](_697_DegreeofanArray.java)|2017/12/17|Easy|
|717|[1-bit and 2-bit Characters][717]|method1:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters.java)method2:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters_2.java)|2017/12/16|Easy|

## tags:Array
|NO.|Title|Solution|Add Date|Difficulty|
|---|-----|--------|--------|----------|
|001|[Two Sum][001]|[JAVA](_001_TwoSum.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|026|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array][026]|[JAVA](_026_RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArraym.java)|2017/12/21|Easy|
|088|[Merge Sorted Array][088]|Method1:[JAVA1](_088_MergeSortedArray.java) Method2:[JAVA2](_088_MergeSortedArray_with_NoMoreSpace.java)|2017/12/15|Easy|
|118|[Pascal's Triangle][118]|[JAVA](_118_PascalssTriangle.java)|2017/12/20|Easy|
|119|[Pascal's Triangle II][119]|[JAVA](_118_PascalsTriangle.java)|2017/12/21|Easy|
|268|[Missing Number][268]|method1:[JAVA1](_268_MissingNumber.java)method2:[JAVA2](_268_MissingNumber_2.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|283|[Move Zeroes][283]|[JAVA](_283_MoveZeroes.java)|2017/12/18|Easy|
|581|[ Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray][581]|[JAVA](_581_ShortestUnsortedContinuousSubarray.java)|2017/12/19|Easy|
|697|[Degree of an Array][001]|[JAVA](_697_DegreeofanArray.java)|2017/12/17|Easy|
|717|[1-bit and 2-bit Characters][717]|method1:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters.java)method2:[JAVA](_717_1bit_and_2bitCharacters_2.java)|2017/12/16|Easy|

[001]:https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/
[026]:https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/description/
[088]:https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/description/
[118]:https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/description/
[119]:https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/description/
[268]:https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/description/
[283]:https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/
[581]:https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-unsorted-continuous-subarray/description/
[697]:https://leetcode.com/problems/degree-of-an-array/
[717]:https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters/description/
